{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Algorithm:\
1. Start\
2. Declare string firstname\
3. Declare string Vaccine\
4. Declare char go \
5. Declare int option\
6. Declare int age\
7. Declare int zip code\
8. Input go; if \'92N\'92, print and terminate program\
9. Input go; if \'92N\'92, print and terminate program\
10. Input firstname\
11. Input age\
12. Input go; if \'92N\'92, print and terminate program\
13. Input go; if \'92N\'92, print and terminate program\
13. Input option\
14. Switch option; default print and break switch. With each case Vaccine = \'93String\'94\
15.  if (option >= 1 && option <= 4), print with Vaccine\
16. End\
\
Java code:\
\
import java.util.*;\
\
public class MyProgram\
\{\
    static Scanner input = new Scanner(System.in);\
    \
    public static void main(String[] args)\
    \{\
        //Declare\
        String firstname;\
        String Vaccine = "";\
        char go;\
        int option;\
        int age;\
        int zipcode;\
        \
        System.out.println("Welcome! Is it true you are attempting to use this program? Y/N?");\
        go = input.nextLine().charAt(0);\
        \
        if(go == 'Y') \{\
            System.out.println("What is your name?");\
            firstname = input.nextLine();\
            System.out.println("What is your age?");\
            age = input.nextInt();\
            System.out.println("And what is your zipcode?");\
            zipcode = input.nextInt();\
            \
            System.out.printf("\\n\\nYour name: %s\\nAge: %d\\nZipcode: %d\\n\\nIs this correct? Y/N?\\n", firstname, age, zipcode);\
            go = input.next().charAt(0);\
            \
            if (go == 'N') \{\
               System.out.println("You confirmed that the information entered was incorrect. Please re-enter the correct info and try again.");\
               System.exit(0); \
            \}\
            else \{\
                System.out.println("Have you taken the COVID-19 Vaccine? Y/N?");\
                go = input.next().charAt(0);\
                if (go == 'N') \{\
                    System.out.println("You have not been vaccinated and out of compliance!\\nPlease be sure to schedule your \\nvaccination as soon as possible and prior to returning to work!");\
                    System.exit(0);\
                \}\
                System.out.println("Please chose from the follow options below: \\n1- Pfizer-BioNTech\\n2 = Moderna\\n3 = Johnson & Johnson's\\n4 = Other");\
                option = input.nextInt();\
                \
                //Switch option\
                switch(option) \{\
                    case 1: \
                        Vaccine = "Pfizer-BioNTech";\
                        break;\
                    case 2:\
                        Vaccine = "Moderna";\
                        break;\
                    case 3:\
                        Vaccine = "Johnson & Johnson";\
                        break;\
                    case 4:\
                        System.out.println("You have been vaccinated with a vaccine other than the Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna, or Johnson & Johnson's!");\
                        break;\
                    default:\
                    System.out.println("You did not select a valid choice!");\
                \}\
                if (option >= 1 && option <= 4) \{\
                System.out.printf("You have been vaccinated with the %s Vaccine.\\n", Vaccine);\
                \}\
        \}\
        \
        //At the end to avoid having to repeat typing the good-bye\
        System.out.println("Goodbye and thank you for using our program!");\
        \}\
\}\
\}}